
G.S SHARMA & Associates
ADVOCATE CHAMBER NO.505, ROHINI COURT
DELHI M.NO. – 8708043908,9911711702





DATE:-………………….
To,
Prashant Negi S/o Mr. B.S. Negi
R/O G-4/48, Sector-15 Rohini, Delhi

SUB:- LEGAL NOTICE FOR DIVORCE

Sir,
Under  instruction  from  and  on  behalf  of  my Client,  Mrs.  Rashmi  D/o  Late  Mr.  Vimal  Kumar residing   at   G-13/43,   Sector-15,   Rohini, Delhi.  I  do  hereby  serve  you  with  the following  notice,  the  contents  of  which  are set forth herein below:-
1.That  you  were  married  to  my  client  on 11TH MAY 2011 at Delhi according to Hindu rites  and  ceremonies  in  the  presence  of friends,  relatives  and  family  of  both the parties.
2.That  after  the  marriage  you  and  my client  lived  together  as  husband  and


wife and cohabited with each other at G- 4/48,  Sector-15,  Rohini,  Delhi  and  out of  the  said  wedlock  of  my  said  client and  you  one  daughter  named  VARNIKA  aged
6 years was born.
3.That  at  the  time  of  solemnization  of this  marriage  the  parents  of  my  client had  given  several  value  able  articles and  1  lakh  through  CHEQUE  (Detailed description  of  the  articles)  as  dowry  to you.  At  the  time  of  marriage,  you  were involved  in  unsocial  activities.  You used  to  consume  alcohol  daily  and  were also  involved  in  gambling.  you  started adopting  cruelties,  mentally  as  well  as physical  upon  my  client  and  whenever  my client  tried  to  mend  your  ways,  then  you and  your  family  members  including  your mother,      father      and      brothers mercilesssaly beat my client
4.That  your  attitude  towards  my  client  was very  rude  and  indifferent  from  the  very beginning  of  the  matrimonial  relations and   my   client   always   fulfill   your illegal   demands   time   to   time.   Your mother  always  taunted  my  client  and  said if  she  was  interested  to  live  in  the matrimonial  house  then  she  would  have  to bear all the atrocities and cruelties.
5.That  my  client  was  of  the  opinion  that after  the  birth  of  children  you  will improve  your  acts  and  behavior  and  would leave your bad habits but you did not do so   and   you   and   your   mother   always


abused,    insulted,    maltreated    and misbehaved   my   client.   Your   Mother refused  turned  out  my  client  time  to time from her matrimonial house.
6.That  in  the  month  of  March  you  turned out  my  said  client  from  her  matrimonial house  in  three  wearing  clothes.  Since the  month  of  March  2019  you  and  your above  said  mother  are  blackmailing  my client  and  her  family  members.  You  and your  family  members  are  threatening  my client  and  her  family  members  for  dire consequences  according  to  and  as  per directions   of   the   mother.   You   have refused   to   return   the   entire   dowry articles  and  jewelry  of  my  said  client. You  have  deserted  my  said  client  and hence  my  said  client  is  not  interested to  live  in  with  you.  My  client  is  also not  interested  to  give  the  custody  of the  minor  child  to  you.  If  my  client would  join  your  company  then  you  would cause  her  death  hence  my  client  wants  to dissolve her marriage immediately.
I,  therefore,  call  upon  you  through  this legal  notice  to  execute  the  divorce  deed and  papers  etc.  dissolving  this  marriage immediately  within  a  period  of  15  days from  the  date  of  receipt  of  this  legal notice,  failing  which  my  client  shall  be constrained    to    file    appropriate proceedings  against  you  in  the  court  of law  and  in  that  event  you  shall  be


responsible  for  all  costs,  risks  and responsibilities  which  you  please  note well.
A  copy  of  this  legal  notice  is  retained in  my  office  for  record  and  further necessary action.



Advocate
